welcome to a rather sunny Hungary where
lectures have brought us to drive the
new RX 450h hybrid SUV now the RX 450h
is all about the numbers you'll notice
it's now our export 50 + 9 RX 400 we've
seen an increase in power by 10 percent
yet fuel consumption has gone down by 28
percent you can get from 0 to 62 miles
per hour in about 7.8 seconds you can
get 44 mpg and the killer fact for me is
a co2 g/km figure of just 1 for 8 which
is considerably below any other large
SUV to drive it's typically lexus so you
get a reasonably comfortable if
sometimes a little firm ride lexus has
tried to give them your RX a sporty a
character but you'd be hard pushed to
notice performance is good naught to 60
2 takes just 7.8 seconds but the
handling is nothing to write home about
and there aren't huge amounts of grip
from the semi eco which stone tires
inside it's all about the numbers again
there's no fewer than 10 airbags as a
superb 15 speaker mark levinson hi-fi
system and no end of other gadgets many
of which are controlled by this new
remote Touch system is Lexuses take on I
Drive in my view it's not quite as good
there's plenty of space in here both in
the front and in the back for kids the
boots are decent size too because the
batteries are now under the rear seats
and quality's not bad but here's the
thing with quality it's not quite as
good as the likes of BMW and Audi and
also Toyota have upped their game
quality wise where they've really pretty
much as good as Lexus these days
whichever RX model you choose it will be
lavishly equipped with some handy luxury
features and plenty of safety kit that
goes some way to making up for the high
list price I've always lied about
Alexis's in this car is no different
they're always so
loads of gadgets and the service from
the dealers is always super become
number one every year in the JD Power
customer satisfaction survey so should
you buy one of these cars well frankly
is the running costs that really provide
the key 148th g/km means you'll be
paying much less in company car techs
and you would do for any other SUV in
fact many other estates and fellow it's
got to be worthy of consideration when
you throw a 44 MBG as well that's
another bonus the color goes on sale
from July prices are a little bit on the
steep side but Lexus promises that when
you adjust the specification it's far
better value from other cars but you'll
still have to find in excess of 41
thousand pounds for the entry-level car